User Document
Project: Homepage (tabdec)
Team: Handle.cs
URL: tabdec.com
For Linux environment (the production branch):
I think it is better if you pull from the master branch instead.
There are some requirements that you need to fulfill before you can get the project to work.
First install ruby from :
https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
we use ruby 2.1.2 but the latest one should still work.
Next you are going to need to get RubyGems packaging system from:
http://rubygems.org/pages/download
Lastly the database we are using is postgresql which can be download here:
http://www.postgresql.org/download/
Once you install postgresql and you are on ubuntu you are going to need the other admin tools
so on the terminal type:
sudo apt-get install libpq-dev phppgadmin pgadmin3
than you are going to need to create a username called tabdec with the password 1234 so type
on the terminal:
sudo su postgres -c psql
then type:
create user tabdec with password '1234';
alter user tabdec superuser;
this will create a user called tabdec with the password 1234
Now you are going to need to clone the project repo.
In your Terminal type:
git clone https://github.com/haiqvo/HomePage:production
this will get a clone of the work repo (note the repo is private and only collaborators can clone
the repo email voqhai@gmail.com if you want access)
Now to run the rail application you are going to need to be in the project bin folder than in the
terminal type:
rake db:create
rake db:migrate
which will make and update the dbthan type:
rails s
to run the application.
Linux environment setup (for master branch)
The only different in this one compared to the production branch is that we are using SQLite3
instead of Postges so the setup is more simple.
You still need ruby:
https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
Next you are going to need to get RubyGems packaging system from:
http://rubygems.org/pages/download
Once that is install you are going to need rails
Now simply clone the repo with git:
git clone https://github.com/haiqvo/HomePage
The rest is the same:
rake db:create
rake db:migrate
rails s
Set up Rails Instruction: The One Stop Setup, No Downloads Required
I recommend using nitrous.io to set up the Rails environment. Visit nitrous.io at
https://www.nitrous.io
Clone project by
git clone https://github.com/haiqvo/HomePage
After cloning the project, in the terminal type:
bundle install
will install the bundles in the Gemfile
rake db:migrate
sets up the database with the database schema.
rails s
It starts the Ruby on Rails server. Once the Rails server starts without any error, click on
preview in the menu and select Port 3000. It directs you to the website set up by the Rails
server.
A good alternative to the Nitrous Cloud IDE, if it doesn’t work for you, is the Cloud9 IDE. To
check it out go to https://www.c9.io. It automatically links everything from your Github project to
your Cloud9 account by linking your account to Github. The only drawback is that currently,
CSS formatting does not seem to work on the test rails server. Other than that, it works well.
How to use:If you can not get the local version to run its ok, you can also just go to http://www.tabdec.com/
For more information about the site, there’s an About, Contact, and Help section located on the
bottom footer.
There you will see a sign up page. Sign up only if you have not signed up yet. You will see your
profile page. This page is your canvas where you can add boxes, move boxes, and resize
boxes.
To add a box, click on the add url button. It will ask you to add a url. Depending if there is a
dynamic version of the box available you can chose to pick the dynamic version.
(There are 2 different boxes currently that are dynamic where you can see useful information
and static boxes which just contain a static image.) As of right now reddit.com and
instagram.com use dynamic boxes. Both of those dynamic boxes contain a submit text field in
order to specify what information you want to display from that website.
Once you add a few boxes you can click on the edit boxes link that will let you move and resize
your boxes.Then, if you want a colorful background you can go to edit account button to add a
background to your profile. Make sure it is a legit image url that contains a .jpg, .png, or .gif .
If there’s a box that you no want/need, if you go to edit boxes, you would notice there is a trash
can on the bottom right corner that you can drag the box into. There you have the option to
delete the box.
In the edit account you can also enable a search bar that will search on Google for you.
User Stories:
User
As a user I want to be able to sign in so I can access my home page.
As a user I want to edit my login information so that I can change my username or
password.
As a user I want to know what the website is about so I would know what I should
expect from the website.
As a user I want to know how to use the website so I can use it as my home page.
As a user I want a website that can act as my homepage so I can access my tabs
faster.
As a user I want the largest amount of space to add and customize my boxes so I
can easily see all my favorite websites.
As a user I want to customize my websites so It would be “my” home page.
As a user I want to get rid of my websites so I can get rid of unwanted tabs.
As a user I want to be able to see useful information in the dynamic boxes so I can
read Reddit or Instagram feeds.
As a user I want to view my favorite websites so I can access it with a single click.
As a user I want to have my own background so it would feel more of my own
page.
As a user I want to contact the creators if there’s an issue so I can improve the
website.
As a user I want to pay the creators for their hard work so they get paid!!(not
implemented)
UI Designer
As a UI designer I want to make the website as customizable as possible so users
have more options.
As a UI designer I want to make it easy to sign up so more users would find it
friendly.
As a UI designer I want to be able to make the website simple and easy to use so
that all users can have a pleasant user experience.
As a UI designer I need to see if the UI is easy to understand so I can improve it.
Developer
As a developer I need to store the user data so I can keep track of what users do
on the site.
As a developer I want my users to have an authenticated login session so they
have better privacy.
As a developer I want to get static images of websites so that users can see it on
their homepage.
As a developer I want to display dynamic boxes for some box
As a developer I want to introduce a plugin system for dynamic boxes so users
can customize it better.(not implemented)
As a developer I need to take feedback to improve the code so users would like it
more.
